+++
title = "2024-08-27.md"
date = "2024-08-27"
+++
MEMORY PART (experimental for logging)
- quickly before I wanted to add this Tab for each day to try and label today with an event. One day when I visit back to August 27 2024,I'll read this and get a quick flashback for today. Counter's ground hog syndrome and makes my life feel longer with more long term ideas
---
Feel ready to stop with video content pipeline. Today I finished and got to test it on my local pc and it feels good to me. Does everything I wanted and works just as I wanted it. There's bug and for the public it doesn't work too well which I can spend a little each day to fix. But, I'm ready to move on to a new project. It's time to move on to my EDTech idea. Though, it is bad, sounds really fun and want to give it a shot.

---
TODO
- Video Content Pipeline
	- ADD
		- add a settings file
		- WRITE readme.md for this file
	- BUG
		- fix the points
		- they are accumulating and not resetting
		- poetry is not installing click? or modules
	
- VideoDrill
	- test workflow with video content pipeline
		- got to fix the pipeline since it nots working with pipx
	- add pins
		- actually this is a bad idea, does not matter so much
	- add a settings modal to add a output dir for the videos
- G1
	- spent time doing
		- [handbook]({{< ref "handbook" >}}) for g1 study test tmr
- Enemy AI
	- enemies have wonder
		- randomize vector
	- enemies have wants and needs
		- shelter
		- hunger
		- anger
		- friendliness 
	