+++
title = "2024-08-07.md"
date = "2024-08-07"
+++
TODO
- video-content-pipeline
	- End
		- May as well refactor the entire pipe cause I may aswell offer this feature for all videos cause why not. It makes it nicer for people who don't talk as much and I'm pretty much processing each clip twitch now which is bad. 
		- Plan
			- Silence Intervals Cache   on all modes
			- Key Frames Interval Cache    on caster mode
				- Given both will merge into ideal clips
			- I think the silence intervals should have a higher multiple and will pad towards the key frames interval
				- should add padding when we split the clips
			- Should figure out how a better way to handle modes instead of passing a payload into engine. Kind of annoying.
	- Write the caster mode / Outline refactor requirements
		- No splitting on silence 
		- Go through each frame check deltas and if screen is interesting if not then pass
		- Probably can use some human manual calculations
		- Problem
			- silence_split ffmpeg for  conversationlist but it does not do a good job when there's a lot of information going around at all time. For example, lots of noise/casting or high game volume. In  this case, it's better to just process every frame and try to manual cut out stalls in the video
			- At this point I may as well refactor the way we count point, we should just analyze it all at the start then use a graph/algo to cut out the annoying parts
		- Solution
			- Process per frame every second. This is a lot of frames but if we can reduce the resolution or the frame size to a specific part of the video to increase time.
			- Parts of the frame that we care about this crosshair, kill feed, and so on...
				- These are already built so no need to worry
			- What we can do is, whipser -> regex for a list of words -> rank clip base on certain word count for example "God", "Clutch", "Finshed", "bomb", or any word that may be the result of a good work
				- Implement a vocabulary bag algo? Not sure if it's worth but would be nice if we want to chain random clips into coherent videos or find keywords from real caster VODs.
	
- formiblocks
	- Implement the first api for terminal and envoirnment
	- Create the first virtualenv starter
	- Figure out a good way to pipeline starting application, environments, and determining how to call the shortcuts. 
		- We can find most applications I want to run through search of shortcuts. Super easy to find games too given certain paths. Pretty much gives me any program I really want to run, with a little logic it can be pretty powerful to call upon
	- Search, finding information -> probably just highlight
	- Research MODE -> building blocks test
	
- Start/Outline escapegami
- VMIX/Career Panel Setup for WEGA
- Video-Script Utils
	- Automate the starting with data of the day and notes and other scripts to make videos quicker
	- Start Repo and Plan aswell
- JOSY and MICHELLE birthday presents

Learned 
- Puzzles
	- Making puzzles are hard, a lot of the design is making the players feel special in their own right by solving the puzzle in a cool way.
	- Might be hard for a first time but I'll give it a shot